TITLE: My 50 days live trading history!

Assalamualaikum and welcome to The Forex Guide. I am Ahmed Umar Akhtar and I hope you all are doing well. A few days ago, YouTube deleted a video of ours. This was our first video of our live trading account history. You saw that it had about 1,31,000 views. YouTube deleted it. I don't know why. But maybe the caption was like this. Because until a month ago, when the history was made, we didn't have any stop-loss. It was a zero-stop-loss. We wrote that in the caption. We wrote that in the title. Maybe that's why YouTube deleted it. Anyway, the account is available to us. And the video that was deleted, we also have a short video of it. You can see it from the link in the description of this video. There are screenshots of it. Anyway, the live account is available. Now I will show you the history of the live account for the last month, two months and the third month. Why did we start the account? The reason for that is that it is a misconception. Or you can understand that it is a misunderstanding in trading. In which you have to take a big risk. It is said that no risk, no Ferrari. This is completely wrong. If you take more risk, you will put your account in danger. You will even put your life in danger. You will go into so much tension and depression that it becomes very difficult to get out of it. I always suggest that you work with low risk. Whatever money you have, a $ 20,000 account is not a small account. If you look at it in Pakistan, it is about 55 to 60 lakhs. With such a large amount, when you see my trading, I do it with low risk. What is the reason for that? So that I can show you all this to the world. I can show you how successful trading can be with low risk. How fruitful it can be for you. I also take a big risk. I have multiple accounts. I trade with a big risk. But if I show that thing, everyone will take a big risk. He will not have so much experience, he will not have so much knowledge, he will be worried. If you trade with a small risk, it will benefit you that if your trading strategy has a flaw, if your psychology has an issue, you will not be worried. Inshallah, you will be in overall profit. Another objection, there were comments from one or two people who do not have much information about it. He commented that this is a cent account, a $ 20,000 account, not a dollar account, this is a cent account. So today I will show you how to see if this is a cent account or a dollar account. How to see if it is a live account or a demo account. We will clear all these things in today's video. Let's go to the account. I will show you its history. From the first day when we deposited $ 20,000 and now what is its progress? How many percent have we earned? And how easy is this work? Okay, let's go to our MT5. If you come to MT5, then first of all you check the account number. The Forex Guide Skill Centric. I told you that this account is in the name of my wife. I have blurred the first name from here. Okay, after that you see below, the account number is written. Before that, it is written HFM Global Live 1. So the demo account is never written with it. First thing. The second objection is that they say that this is a cent account. I also told you the way. Click on it. If you click on it, then here you can see the balance in the last line. 30,521.63 USD hedge. This is a USD account. If it was a cent account, then it would have been written here as cent or C. Now let's go back. I will show you another thing. You can see that this broker is HFM's broker. If you come to its history, then here it is written with every trade XAUUSD R. If you make an account on HFM, then it would have been written with the pair as R. That is, your pair will come forward with a small letter R. This means that it is either a pro account or a zero spread account. If it was a cent account, then it would have been written here as XAUUSD C. It would have been written as a small C. This means that it is a cent account. You can confirm this by going to HFM's website. So this is not an objection. Those who do not know, they do this. The initial deposit on this account was $20,000. That is, the initial deposit that we had made on this account is still running. We have not refueled it again. We have not topped up on it. We do not even have to do it. Now you come to its top. I will show you from the beginning. The reason for showing from the beginning is that this is our initial deposit of $20,000 on 13th March. The first trade was done on 14th March. Today's date is 3rd June. You can say that it has been 2.5 months since this account was opened. Now you come to it. The first withdrawals, you can see that there was a $1,600 and $1,000. I had shown you this in the previous video. After that, I have not made any withdrawals in it yet. After that, you can see that this is all trading history. There are small stoppages in it. There are big profits of $410, $282. There are big profits and small profits. Because most of my trades are given profit. I take profit at a certain level and let the rest go. But eventually, at some stage, its trading stop or break even. Let's come down. This is the last trade. This was the last trade on 2nd June. There is a $303 and I let it run 100% up to 100 pips. It was a good trade. Now you see here, our deposit was $20,000. I made a withdrawal of $2,600. The profit I have made so far is about 2.5 months. If you talk about working days, I don't pay much attention to this account. But I have to run it. Because we are making its history. We are making it public. So I have to show it. So I trade less in it. I can't trade more. But if you look at it, the working days will be about 50 days. These are the 50 working days. You can see the deposit of $20,000. The withdrawal is $2,600. The profit is $13,121. Now I will calculate the percentage. The balance is $30,521. Let's go to the calculator. Okay, an important thing. People will show you such accounts. They will say that we have made so much profit. I am not talking against anyone. I am just talking in general. The real thing is what is the condition of your account now. Is it not in a floating loss? Floating loss means that you have grown the account. But on the other hand, you are losing some trades. You cannot withdraw the profit you have made. If I want, I can withdraw my $30,521 today. The reason is that if you go to the trade section, there is no trade open. All trades are closed. And it does not stay closed. Because as soon as my trade runs, I will take profit at a certain level. I reduce the close. But after taking a profit, I leave it. And it will eventually hit the break even. Or it will hit the trading stop. Or I will close it myself. We have opened the calculator. The profit is $13,121. Divide it by $20,000. And get its percentage. So you are getting the percentage of 65.60%. Which means approximately 66%. 66% is your profit in 2.5 months. If you divide it monthly, it becomes approximately 25-30%. Now I will tell you the formula of the bank. Not now. It has been more than a year since the YouTube channel. I always say that take very little risk. Take half a percent risk. Target 1%. Trade daily. Our strategies will give you 3-4 good trades a day. If you catch one trade from them, the rest of the time a person is sleeping, waking up, eating, drinking. But if you catch one trade in the NY session or London session, take half a percent risk and grow 1%, then tomorrow I will show you one thing. What happened yesterday was that the trade setups were being made again and again. But you can see that I did one trade on June 2nd. Although if you see the record live, we have done three trades yesterday. One had a stop loss and two had successful trades. I am showing you here that I have done only one trade. The reason is that when my target was fulfilled on this account, the balance is $30,000. When it became $300 on 1%, I did not trade any further. I traded on the other two accounts. So you have to see that when your target has come, then just be patient. If you do not kill your greed, if you do not kill your fear, then you cannot be successful in trading. We will talk about psychology separately. The purpose was to check your lot size. 0.25, until my account was above $25,000, I kept trading 0.25. Before that, if you see, it was 0.22. These are
